Add external communication explanation (#986)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/communications/README.md

**NOTE:** These are estimates and your personal experience may vary. The more time you can spend working as a team and regularly communicating within your team, the better off your experience will be.

### External Release Communication

Please use the `release-comms@kubernetes.io` Google Group list for external release communications (communicating with the CNCF, etc.).

> The following groups are members:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following groups should be members:
```

> * 1.18 Release Team Lead & Lead Shadows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The current release cycle's Release Team Lead & Lead Shadows
```

> * 1.18 Communications Lead & Comms Shadows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The current release cycle's Communications Lead & Comms Shadows
```

* SIG Release Chairs

The list hast to be rotated/actively managed every cycle.

### Slack Channel

There is a channel on the Kubernetes Slack workspace, `release-comms`, which is used by the communications release team to coordinate their efforts. If you're on the communications team, or applying to be, then it would be advantageous to follow along with the conversations.

## Release Milestone Activities

> Ensure to have the release team leads and shadows are notified while communicating with the CNCF.

Reviewer: Remove this. It's explained above in the `External Release Communication` section.

Author: done

### Week 1

- Select your shadows
- Ensure yourself and your shadows are entered into the release contact sheet
- Ensure yourself and your shadows are on the release team meeting invites
- Check if there are any holidays or events (KubeCon!) that occur during this release

> - This can/will affect your communication with the CNCF and SIG Chairs. Plan accordingly

Reviewer: The previous positioning was correct. This bullet was a note on the previous point about holidays/events.

Author: ok

### Week 2

> - Update the `release-comms@kubernetes.io` Google Group list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the `release-comms@kubernetes.io` Google Group to ensure the list **_only includes_**:
  - The current release cycle's Release Team Lead & Lead Shadows
  - The current release cycle's Communications Lead & Comms Shadows
  - SIG Release Chairs

  [Membership](https://git.k8s.io/k8s.io/groups/groups.yaml) for this group is defined in [kubernetes/k8s.io](https://git.k8s.io/k8s.io).
```

There is a channel on the Kubernetes Slack workspace, `release-comms`, which is used by the communications release team to coordinate their efforts. If you're on the communications team, or applying to be, then it would be advantageous to follow along with the conversations.

## Release Milestone Activities

> Ensure to have the release team leads and shadows in CC during the communication with CNCF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure to have the release team leads and shadows are notified while communicating with the CNCF.
```

Reviewer: Please defer reviews until my comment is addressed: https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/pull/986#issuecomment-585802554
